

Event Handling
--------------
- onclick,ondblclick,onmouseover,onmouseout (Mouse)
- onkeypress , onkeydown, onkeyup  (Keyboard)
- onsubmit, onchange, onblur,onfocus,onpaste,oncopy  (Form)
- onload, onbeforeUnload , onunload (Document)


addEventListner
---------------
1. to add events to dynamically added elements.
2. to add multiple events to an element.


Event Delegation
----------------
-Event delegation allows to add event listeners to one parent instead of 
 adding event listeners to many child elements.
-That particular listener analyzes bubbled events to find a match on the child elements.


Event Propagation:-
1. event Capturing (parent-->child)
2. event Bubbling  (child-->parent)

bubbling:
--------
-When an event gets triggered on an element, it first runs the handlers on it, then on 
 its parent, then all the way up on other ancestors/parents. (Event Bubbling)
-Event bubbling is a way of event propagation in the HTML DOM API, when an event occurs in an element 
 inside another element, and both elements have registered a handle for that event. 
 With bubbling, the event is first captured and handled by the innermost element and then propagated to outer elements. The execution starts from that event and goes to its parent element. 
 Then the execution passes to its parent element and so on till the body element.

How to stop that?
Answer:-
   stopPropagation()  / cancelBubble (IE)
   
   
   stopImmediatePropagation (Execute the first event handler, and stop the rest of 
the event handlers from being executed)



In js, events are handled in two ways
1. Event handlers : they are declared in  html like onclick,onmouseover,onkeypress etc..,
2. event listeners: they are declared or triggered within js lik add eventlistener or removeeventlistener etc..,

 there are mainly 3 types of events
 1. mouse events: click,dblclick,mouseover,mouseout, etc..,
 2. keyboard events: keypress,keyup,keydown etc..,
 3. window events: resize,onload, etc..,


 How events listeners or events in js propagated?

 Event propagation:

 when nested events are there, if innermost child got an event triigeered same event will be trigeered to parent and continues until body. this is called bubbling and it use bottom-up approach

 There is another approach named top down approach. this approach also callled as capturing, make third argument in eventlistener true

 Event Delegation: technique to make events run smooothly when no.of nested events are more.

 when multiple children are there, instead of writing functions foreach child, you can implement directly for parent because bubbling will there by default
